#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
-e git+git://github.com/okfde/django-filingcabinet.git@master#egg=django-filingcabinet
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.7.3
    # via geoip2
amqp==5.0.5
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.3.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   daphne
    #   django
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.1.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via celery
cairocffi==1.2.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.5.1
    # via weasyprint
celery==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.4
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
channels==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.1.6
    # via celery
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==3.3.1
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
daphne==3.0.1
    # via channels
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via cairosvg
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-celery-email
django-cache-url==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-beat==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-configurations==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-contrib-comments==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crossdomainmedia==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-fsm==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-leaflet==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.11.0
    # via django-filingcabinet
django-oauth-toolkit==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-timezone-field==4.1.1
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-crossdomainmedia
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   django-filter
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-jsonp==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via pyisemail
elasticsearch-dsl==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch==7.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
geoip2==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
icalendar==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
incremental==17.5.0
    # via twisted
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via coreschema
kombu==5.0.2
    # via celery
lxml==4.6.2
    # via pikepdf
markdown==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
maxminddb==2.0.3
    # via geoip2
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
phonenumbers==8.12.17
    # via -r requirements.in
pikepdf==2.5.2
    # via django-filingcabinet
pillow==8.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   pikepdf
    #   reportlab
    #   weasyprint
prompt-toolkit==3.0.14
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyhamcrest==2.0.2
    # via twisted
pyisemail==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via twisted
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
pyphen==0.10.0
    # via weasyprint
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   icalendar
    #   python-crontab
python-magic==0.4.18
    # via -r requirements.in
python-mimeparse==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   icalendar
reportlab==3.5.59
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   geoip2
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   cryptography
    #   django-configurations
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   html5lib
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
twisted[tls]==20.3.0
    # via daphne
txaio==20.12.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via aiohttp
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.3
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   geoip2
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wand==0.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==52.2
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websockets==8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp
zope.interface==5.2.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
